I have a better idea because requests often take a long time. Thanks to "First, the user chooses a name for the app. Then, they find an icon for the app. They either upload it or write a promo for Gemnai, which generates it for them and stores it on both sides in the project's assets file. That's fine, but when it's generated using AI, I give them two more chances. If they don't like it, they can change it or approve it." After that, we'll get to the button to prepare the project file in the Dart/Flutter language. As we agreed, I gave you the project intent. Is that good? Then, a more expansive promo, meaning they can add the colors they want to the app and a description. For example, I want to add a bright and dark theme, etc.

Like this:
"Make me a story app called Ai Story Gen. It has:

A login screen (Email/Password + Google).

A home screen with a Generate Story button and a list of saved stories.

A story reading screen with font options + changing the theme.

Settings: Choose a language, change the theme, and about the app."

That means you direct them to write:

Application Name

Required Screens

Core Functionality/Features

⚙️ How to Implement in Backend

Prompt Parsing

First, the AI/LLM from Gemnai reads the text and parses it into:

Application Name

List of Screens

List of Features

JSON Example:

{
"appName": "Ai Story Gen",
"screens": ["Login", "Home", "StoryDetails", "Settings"],
"features": ["Authentication", "StoryGeneration", "ThemeSwitch", "Localization"]
}

Generating a Full Flutter Project

The Generator installs:

pubspec.yaml

main.dart (with routes)

lib/screens/... files

files lib/services/...

README.md

It relies on ready-made templates and populates them with appropriate widgets.

Packaging

The platform zips the project tree.

The user downloads the finished project → it opens in Flutter or Android Studio.

📢 How to explain it to users

In your platform (UI / Docs / Help), you include instructions such as:

✍️ Write a full description of your app

Name the app

Mention all the screens you require (Login, Home, Profile, etc.)

Mention the features (Authentication, Notifications, Dark mode, etc.)

Our platform will generate a complete Flutter project for you that includes:

All screens are separated within the lib/screens folder

Navigation linked between them

Firebase services configured as a Placeholder

README explains how to implement it